This is all just some extra info I want to write down for context (will
eventually be put into the Demolitionist's internal database menu).

There are many of these things, either related to the weapons and items
featured in this mod, or to some background story elements. All of these are
pretty much part of the "larger picture" of my multiverse, some having been
around since 1997 when I first started writing stories.

---

## Corporations

### Akari Labs

Founded in the late 21st century by child prodigy Saya Miyamoto. Akari Labs
advertises itself as "a fountain of innovation". A major part of the technology
used at the time comes from here, they were the first to kickstart FTL travel,
along with safe teleportation energy ("after the UAC first fucked it up",
according to the founder). The labs have faced some controversy after the army
funded "Red Oni" Supersoldier project first popped up, (even though it wasn't
what they all expected). Recently, they've started the Demolitionist program
in order to develop AI-driven combat bots to defend Earth from invaders.

### Blackmann Arms Ltd.

What was initially a small father and son gunsmithing shop rapidly exploded in
popularity and size once they moved to the States. They're mainly specialized
in unorthodox shotguns and very high caliber rifles. Indeed, Blackmann is the
name when it comes to big guns that can kill things very dead very fast.

### Mr. BIG SHOT Industries

A mysterious corporation that popped up out of nowhere, led by a very reclusive
individual. Most of the time it just gives funding to Blackmann Arms or
commissions very specific weapon designs from them, or just buys a shitload of
ammunition and other supplies.

People say that the man might be "preparing for the apocalypse", what with all
the high tech material he buys.

### Decade Mechanics

This was the name seen in documents found in the decaying ruins of an abandoned
factory deep into the barren planet of Sunkaeze. The place is plagued by what's
pretty much "evil spectres" according to some. Although it cost many lives, a
lot of ancient alien tech was salvaged from there, including very high end
weaponry.

### Forx Aeronautics

Founded by Harold Forx, this is the #1 company when it comes to high grade
aircraft engineering. It is famous for its innovative jet engines that are
powerful yet miraculously efficient.

### Imanaki Research Foundation

The name of a private research center located deep into the ghost town of
Kereshnovka, somewhere in Siberia. They have secretly been experimenting with
interdimensional travel long before the UAC, and have also delved into
combining human and demonic technology.

Unfortunately the company went under in 2009 after the "Hellbound Incident",
when one of their routine teleports was hijacked by an unknown third party and
the facility was destroyed by an unidentified alien species. Since an UAC (UAAF
at the time) task force had been sent there, they managed to get their hands
into a lot of the research material and the rest, as they say, is history.

### Munch Innovations

The registered name for everything made by a crazy inventor that challenged
himself to "create as many guns as I can in one week". Most of his repertoire
is very unorthodox and perhaps impractical, but whenever one was a big success,
it would enter mass production and sell like hotcakes.

### Symnatek

A manufacturer of construction tools and heavy machinery. More popular than
Mixom (at least outside the US), despite most people not even knowing its name.
Also makes basic military equipment, such as knives and other close combat
weapons.

### Tach-Engine Technologies

Described as "the second largest tech conglomerate on Earth", right behind a
certain evil international tech company known mainly for its search engine.
Tach-Engine Technologies covers pretty much everything, although it's
most known for its work on fusion energy... and for its weapons (of course).

### Unissix Crafts

A small weapons shop run by members of the Unissix family of warriors. While
mostly specialized in blades and hammers and whatnot, sometimes they've done
firearms by request. It is run by Unissix Bokurou Azadeku, who also leads the
"Unissix Tournaments", a yearly gladiatorial sporting event.

---

## Individuals

### Harold Forx

The owner of Forx Industries, a "self-made" millionaire who allegedly started
his life as an orphan scavenging in junkyards and restoring old jet engines.
Always boasts about his successes and is overall a very arrogant and obnoxious
man.

### Hermann E. Ischer

The current owner of Blackmann Arms, great-great grandson of its founder. Ever
since he started leading the company, he's made a rule that every weapon that
comes out of the factory must have some method for emptying the whole magazine
at once. Most people's attention is immediately drawn to his gigantic eyebrows.

### Ibuki Miyamoto

The result of Akari Labs' "Red Oni" Supersoldier project. A tall, sexy and very
well-endowed woman who's half snark and half charm (and also a nudist). Of
course she was intentionally made this way by her creator, Saya Miyamoto.
Suffice to say, her contractors weren't very happy with this... until they saw
how she performed in the field.

### Janus Locke Hoodth

A mad scientist shut-in who sometimes creates "toys" that are hilariously
deadly. Tried to take over the world once (UnSX 5), but didn't succeed.

### J.A. Tachmek-Smith

A man who, if all reports are true, would be over ten thousand years old.
Claims to be the "true king of Egypt", among other things. He's also the
founder and head of research at Tach-Engine Technologies, and a notable
philanthropist.

### John "Bigshot" Gunns

A man who claims to be the "son of Benellus" and "born of shotguns". Created
Big Shot Industries in order to prepare the world for "the greatest battle
humanity will face, and the greatest face humanity will battle" (crimes_m).

### LS

The founding parent of the floating island of Sankaideriha, home to all magic,
who holds the title of "Blackfire manipulator", for having mastered an odd form
of pyromancy where flames absorb light and emit cold. Commissioned the creation
of the weapon known as the "Blackfire igniter" from Unissix Crafts.

### Maester Mekes

Documents found in the ruins of Decade Mechanics show that this was the CEO of
that company, cross-referencing with historical records from that time also
show that he was involved with the "mad dictator god" Nedoshiaan and
kickstarted the incident that would result in the first recorded assassination
of a deity. It is possible that that incident was related to the facility being
abandoned, as still living witnesses of the event declared him dead.

### Nedoshiaan

The "mad dictator god", who ruled a world bearing his own name. Associated with
several artifacts found within the massive crater where the heart of his
empire once was. Among them the most notable are the "Nekrodero", "Ynykron",
"Kyshyje" and "Myssup" artifacts, four weapons that would have been used by
his personal elite knights, known as the "Warriors of World's End".

### Parker Munch

Some guy who can't stop inventing wacky guns. Not much is known about him
personally. Some people say his name sounds "oddly like something I've heard
somewhere else".

### Reubens C. Karnanaiahmani

Youngest son of king Marc P. Karnanaiahmani. A prolific inventor, known for
innovative gadgets such as the "Gravity Suppressor" or the "Hammerspace
Container", among others.

### Saya Miyamoto

A child prodigy known all over Japan, in part because she's the middle daughter
to Nana Miyamoto, the woman who shook the country when she claimed to be
"a descendant of Princess Kaguya". People have remarked on the fact that they
don't seem to ever age, which only further reinforces Nana's words.

Saya is often called "Not-Tomoko" around the net, in reference to a similar
looking character from an early 21st century manga series. In terms of
personality and looks, the resemblance is definitely there.

### Tetsuya Imanaki

The founder of the Imanaki Research Foundation and last surviving member of the
Imanaki family after the Onoke Mansion Murders. After the incident that led to
the destruction of the research center on Kereshnovka, he pretty much
disappeared from the public eye.

### Unissix Bokurou Azadeku

Known as the "little enterpreneur" of the Unissix family. She started the
Unissix Tournaments after years of boredom with the lack of "thrilling, action
packed arena combat" in bloodsports at the time, which were dominated by the
"free-for-all battle royale in a large environment" format. She also builds all
sorts of things through the "Unissix Crafts" brand.

---

## Technology and Materials

### Akari Labs CuteEmotion Display

The CuteEmotion Display is a system that allows robots to form simple readable
facial expressions to further enhance communication with humans. It is equipped
with an user-expandable library of images that can be associated with any sort
of emotion the AI may want to convey, whether it's happy or sad, excited or
bored, calm or angered...

### Akari Labs Loudboi Voicebox

Also built with AI in mind, and for those building on a budget or needing very
small and lightweight vocal capabilities. The Loudboi Voicebox allows an AI to
speak in any programmed language using simple speech synthesis.

### Blackmann-Forx Rapid Jet Compensator

These proprietary, miniature jet engines were designed with the capability to
compensate for the humanly unbearable recoil of very large caliber Blackmann
rifles (1.050 and up).

### Blackmann Ultra-High Caliber Bullets

Somewhat inspired by a certain other weapon designer, Blackmann Arms decided to
jump into the big boolet bandwagon, which resulted in the "Silver Bullet"
series of ultra-high caliber rifles. Initially starting with the .850 BIG and
.950 BCG, they kept going, following up with the 1.050 FCB and then the 1.150
XSG. When people thought that they couldn't go even further beyond that point,
they devised the 1.350 TAF, although at that point things were starting to
become way too cumbersome (and excessive) for normal use, so they stopped.

### Blackmann Spin Motion Wedge Bullets

The quite unique ammunition of the "Puntzer" family of weapons. Screw shaped
bullets that spin rapidly and easily penetrate even the toughest armor.

### Biosparks

The name given to the "living ball lightning" that comes out of the weapon
retrieved from the Decade Mechanics facility. In its most advanced forms it
even seems to have some level of sentience.

### Explodium

An odd and unexplainable material that combusts violently when ignited or
struck. A single gram of the stuff has the explosive yield of a standard-issue
hand grenade, which makes it very useful in the creation small bombs. It's
rumored that such devices could have been used for the assasination of a
certain rich Japanese family.

### Forx JetBurst Impulsor

The JetBurst Impulsor is a flexible, portable propulsion engine that can allow
increased mobility on power armor or even heavy vehicles. It is however not
capable of sustained levitation, but that is being worked on.

### Hammerspace

What once was thought as mere fiction. Hammerspace is a system that allows for
the link between a specific container and a large pocket of isolated
space-time. It allows for the storage of all sorts of things, and can keep food
fresh practically forever. Storing living things in Hammerspace is however not
permitted and will immediately void your warranty.

### "Kraut Deep Space Magic"

The term used to describe the Wallbuster's unique internal mechanisms,
referencing how it is even more mind-blowingly insane than the G11's. The
insane level of complexity of this weapon makes it not only very expensive, but
also only repairable by members of the Ischer family, personally.

### Nokron, Kinylum, Purom and Puronokorokinylum

Exotic materials of undisclosed composition that are capable of reaching plasma
state at relatively low temperatures. They are mainly used to drive fusion
engines, but they also have some uses in weaponry. The combination of all three
results in a highly unstable and volatile mixture that can potentially tear
holes in space-time if misused. It was, therefore, the ideal choice of
ammunition for the Ynykron Artifact.

### Omnisight Mapping Unit

Simple devices used for storing mapping data on a specific location, and ready
for use in most targetting arrays, as they're pretty much plug and play.

---

## Locations

### Kereshnovka

A "ghost town" located in "the middle of nowhere, Siberia". Impossible to
locate on maps or triangulate with GPS, as it appears to somehow exist within
some sort of "barrier". The town is known for the "ghouls" that roam around its
forest and other surrounding areas, which make travel dangerous to outsiders
(they appear to ignore the natives). It is also almost entirely inhabited by
refugees of a humanoid alien species known as the "Qurensniv", who fled their
homeworld escaping the genocidal wrath of a mad king. Their native language
has some surprising similarities to Russian.

### Nedoshiaan

The personal playground of the mad dictator god Nedoshiaan, or at least what
remains of it. After his assassination, most of it was completely obliterated
and a gigantic crater stands in its place. At the very bottom of it, various
items were found, among them the "artifacts", one of which is a weapon in this
mod.

### Sankaideriha

The land of magic. A large island floating in an endless ocean of pure magic
energy. The vast majority of its inhabitants are magic users. Noteworthy people
born here include Saniuke Okusainaya, the first technomancer, and Kana Sankai,
head of the Counter-Inquisition, which strives to protect magic users living
abroad from persecution.

### Sunkaeze

A dead planet on the outer rim of the X'Animen system, thought to be entirely
barren and inhabitable, until a lone building was found, a factory, built by
the old mechanical demigod Maester Mekes.
