$pitchshiftrange 0

crash/glass	glasscrk
crash/curb	curb
brutal/ezmodo	easymodo

voice/default/death1      	sounds/voice/default/death1.ogg
voice/default/death2      	sounds/voice/default/death2.ogg
voice/default/death3      	sounds/voice/default/death3.ogg
voice/default/death4      	sounds/voice/default/death4.ogg
voice/default/death5      	sounds/voice/default/death5.ogg
voice/default/fightstart1 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart1.ogg
voice/default/fightstart2 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart2.ogg
voice/default/fightstart3 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart3.ogg
voice/default/fightstart4 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart4.ogg
voice/default/fightstart5 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart5.ogg
voice/default/fightstart6 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart6.ogg
voice/default/fightstart7 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart7.ogg
voice/default/fightstart8 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart8.ogg
voice/default/fightstart9 	sounds/voice/default/fightstart9.ogg
voice/default/fightstart10	sounds/voice/default/fightstart10.ogg
voice/default/fightstart11	sounds/voice/default/fightstart11.ogg
voice/default/fightstart12	sounds/voice/default/fightstart12.ogg
voice/default/fightstart13	sounds/voice/default/fightstart13.ogg
voice/default/fightstart14	sounds/voice/default/fightstart14.ogg
voice/default/fightstart15	sounds/voice/default/fightstart15.ogg
voice/default/fightstart16	sounds/voice/default/fightstart16.ogg
voice/default/fightstart17	sounds/voice/default/fightstart17.ogg
voice/default/fightstart18	sounds/voice/default/fightstart18.ogg
voice/default/fightstart19	sounds/voice/default/fightstart19.ogg
voice/default/fightstart20	sounds/voice/default/fightstart20.ogg
voice/default/fightstart21	sounds/voice/default/fightstart21.ogg
voice/default/findsecret1 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret1.ogg
voice/default/findsecret2 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret2.ogg
voice/default/findsecret3 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret3.ogg
voice/default/findsecret4 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret4.ogg
voice/default/findsecret5 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret5.ogg
voice/default/findsecret6 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret6.ogg
voice/default/findsecret7 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret7.ogg
voice/default/findsecret8 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret8.ogg
voice/default/findsecret9 	sounds/voice/default/findsecret9.ogg
voice/default/findsecret10	sounds/voice/default/findsecret10.ogg
voice/default/findsecret11	sounds/voice/default/findsecret11.ogg
voice/default/findsecret12	sounds/voice/default/findsecret12.ogg
voice/default/getweapon1  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon1.ogg
voice/default/getweapon2  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon2.ogg
voice/default/getweapon3  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon3.ogg
voice/default/getweapon4  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon4.ogg
voice/default/getweapon5  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon5.ogg
voice/default/getweapon6  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon6.ogg
voice/default/getweapon7  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon7.ogg
voice/default/getweapon8  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon8.ogg
voice/default/getweapon9  	sounds/voice/default/getweapon9.ogg
voice/default/getweapon10 	sounds/voice/default/getweapon10.ogg
voice/default/getweapon11 	sounds/voice/default/getweapon11.ogg
voice/default/getweapon12 	sounds/voice/default/getweapon12.ogg
voice/default/getweapon13 	sounds/voice/default/getweapon13.ogg
voice/default/grunt1      	sounds/voice/default/grunt1.ogg
voice/default/grunt2      	sounds/voice/default/grunt2.ogg
voice/default/grunt3      	sounds/voice/default/grunt3.ogg
voice/default/grunt4      	sounds/voice/default/grunt4.ogg
voice/default/grunt5      	sounds/voice/default/grunt5.ogg
voice/default/grunt6      	sounds/voice/default/grunt6.ogg
voice/default/hipain1     	sounds/voice/default/hipain1.ogg
voice/default/hipain2     	sounds/voice/default/hipain2.ogg
voice/default/hipain3     	sounds/voice/default/hipain3.ogg
voice/default/hipain4     	sounds/voice/default/hipain4.ogg
voice/default/hipain5     	sounds/voice/default/hipain5.ogg
voice/default/locked1     	sounds/voice/default/locked1.ogg
voice/default/locked2     	sounds/voice/default/locked2.ogg
voice/default/locked3     	sounds/voice/default/locked3.ogg
voice/default/locked4     	sounds/voice/default/locked4.ogg
voice/default/lopain1     	sounds/voice/default/lopain1.ogg
voice/default/lopain2     	sounds/voice/default/lopain2.ogg
voice/default/lopain3     	sounds/voice/default/lopain3.ogg
voice/default/lopain4     	sounds/voice/default/lopain4.ogg
voice/default/lopain5     	sounds/voice/default/lopain5.ogg
voice/default/mapstart1   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart1.ogg
voice/default/mapstart2   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart2.ogg
voice/default/mapstart3   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart3.ogg
voice/default/mapstart4   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart4.ogg
voice/default/mapstart5   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart5.ogg
voice/default/mapstart6   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart6.ogg
voice/default/mapstart7   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart7.ogg
voice/default/mapstart8   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart8.ogg
voice/default/mapstart9   	sounds/voice/default/mapstart9.ogg
voice/default/mapstart10  	sounds/voice/default/mapstart10.ogg
voice/default/mapstart11  	sounds/voice/default/mapstart11.ogg
voice/default/mapstart12  	sounds/voice/default/mapstart12.ogg
voice/default/mapstart13  	sounds/voice/default/mapstart13.ogg
voice/default/mapstart14  	sounds/voice/default/mapstart14.ogg
voice/default/pain1       	sounds/voice/default/pain1.ogg
voice/default/pain2       	sounds/voice/default/pain2.ogg
voice/default/pain3       	sounds/voice/default/pain3.ogg
voice/default/pain4       	sounds/voice/default/pain4.ogg
voice/default/pain5       	sounds/voice/default/pain5.ogg
voice/default/pain6       	sounds/voice/default/pain6.ogg
voice/default/puzzfail1   	sounds/voice/default/puzzfail1.ogg
voice/default/puzzfail2   	sounds/voice/default/puzzfail2.ogg
voice/default/puzzfail3   	sounds/voice/default/puzzfail3.ogg
voice/default/puzzfail4   	sounds/voice/default/puzzfail4.ogg
voice/default/puzzfail5   	sounds/voice/default/puzzfail5.ogg
voice/default/puzzfail6   	sounds/voice/default/puzzfail6.ogg
voice/default/puzzsucc1   	sounds/voice/default/puzzsucc1.ogg
voice/default/puzzsucc2   	sounds/voice/default/puzzsucc2.ogg
voice/default/puzzsucc3   	sounds/voice/default/puzzsucc3.ogg
voice/default/puzzsucc4   	sounds/voice/default/puzzsucc4.ogg
voice/default/puzzsucc5   	sounds/voice/default/puzzsucc5.ogg
voice/default/scorekill1  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill1.ogg
voice/default/scorekill2  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill2.ogg
voice/default/scorekill3  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill3.ogg
voice/default/scorekill4  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill4.ogg
voice/default/scorekill5  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill5.ogg
voice/default/scorekill6  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill6.ogg
voice/default/scorekill7  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill7.ogg
voice/default/scorekill8  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill8.ogg
voice/default/scorekill9  	sounds/voice/default/scorekill9.ogg
voice/default/scorekill10 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill10.ogg
voice/default/scorekill11 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill11.ogg
voice/default/scorekill12 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill12.ogg
voice/default/scorekill13 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill13.ogg
voice/default/scorekill14 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill14.ogg
voice/default/scorekill15 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill15.ogg
voice/default/scorekill16 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill16.ogg
voice/default/scorekill17 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill17.ogg
voice/default/scorekill18 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill18.ogg
voice/default/scorekill19 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill19.ogg
voice/default/scorekill20 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill20.ogg
voice/default/scorekill21 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill21.ogg
voice/default/scorekill22 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill22.ogg
voice/default/scorekill23 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill23.ogg
voice/default/scorekill24 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill24.ogg
voice/default/scorekill25 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill25.ogg
voice/default/scorekill26 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill26.ogg
voice/default/scorekill27 	sounds/voice/default/scorekill27.ogg
